---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

### Making a contribution to Wikipedia
#### How I chose the Wing Chun article
I chose to contribute to the wikipedia page on Wing Chun, a chinese Martial Art, which originates from the late 1800s in Southern China. This is a topic I am very passionate about as I have trained in the art for about 2 years and also spent quite a lot of time studying its history academically. 
#### My Contributions
When I went to the page before making contributions, I saw that there was a banner saying that this article needs additional citations for verification. Reading through the page, I realized that indeed most of the material was not cited and did not have a historical basis. Most of the sources were personal websites of Wing Chun schools, and it is well known in the community how modern Wing Chun schools can be disreputable. 

I thought it would be a good idea to use one of the better known sources, a 1972 interview with a key figure in Wing Chun history, Yip Man. In the interview he details some of the foundational principles of Wing Chun, and this is good because he is perhaps the most respected figure for the majority of people in the Wing Chun community.

First I added in a quote of Yip Man describing what the concept of "softness" means in Wing Chun. It is as follows:
>"Wing Chun is in some sense a “soft” school of martial arts. However, if one equates that work as weak or without strength, then they are dead wrong. Chi Sao in Wing Chun is to maintain one’s flexibility and softness, all the while keeping in the strength to fight back, much like the flexible nature of bamboo"

Then I edited a description of the Wing Chun stance with a "citation needed" claim. I particularly changed the use of the word "structure" because I beleive this term is wrong in the context in which it was used. To illustrate why, the authors who use that term are claiming that a Wing Chun practitioner stands with a fixed structure to deflect or redirect the opponent's attacks. But this concept of an immovable stationary structure, contradicts the principle of "receiving" the opponent's attack and then striking once the opponent retracts, which is well attested to in the following description of WC by Yip Man:
>...what makes Wing Chun indicative of a bamboo stick is that when the opponent strikes close, if one uses Tan Sao, Fuk Sao or Bong Sao to receive the attack, that actual strike will be as if hitting on a bamboo stick – one’s defence will, at that moment of attack, becomes pushed back as a result of the force, just like bamboo. When that strike retreats, however, one immediately strikes back at top speed, much like a bamboo stick will bounce back after with great force.

So I deleted content like the following: "This structure is used to either deflect external forces or redirect them." and anything mentioning "rooting".

This second change was major, because I removed all uses of the word "structure"and content related to the concept, whilst adding the quote from just above as justification. I suspect it could be strongly contested by some people who errorneously believe that Wing Chun has a fixed structure, but I think that my source is a very storng justification for the changes that I made. 

In order to avoid some sort of silly editing war, I opened up a talk topic on my revision removing all mentions of the concept of "structure" and "rooting" from the article.

#### Link to my contributions page
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?limit=50&title=Special%3AContributions&contribs=user&target=Ditht&namespace=&tagfilter=&start=&end=
