---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

### My pull request for our class website
Link to pull request: <https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/pull/51>.

After I was assigned to issue #4, which was to fix two nav-bar links to point the correct page, I forked the repo for the site at <https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18>, to my Github account using Github. I then cloned my forked repo to my local computer's desktop using the following command
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Matthew-Herman/cs480_s18
```
I then inside the local repo, made changes to _includes/header.html, where I corrected the a-href tags for the Syllabus and Daily pages, so that they referenced the correct html files, syllabus.html and daily.html respectively.

I then installed rbenv, ruby 2.5.0, and Jekyll, in order to test the changes worked properly without breaking anything on my local machine. After installing rbenv, ruby 2.50, and Jekyll, I built the site by navigating to cs480_s18 in terminal and executing the following:
```bash
jekyll build
```
This generated a file containing .html files I could open with Chrome. After confirming it worked on my local machine, I added, commited, and pushed the changes to _includes/header.html to my forked repo by executing the follwing commands from inside cs480_s18:
```bash
git add _includes/header.html
git commit -m "fixed #4, syllabus and navbar links now reference correct pages"
git push origin master
```
I then submitted the pull request linked above in Github from my forked repository.

### Code triage
I chose to sign up for Bootstrap and Semantic-UI
#### Bootstrap issue: <https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/issues/23490>
In this issue, the person who made the issue clearly shows some undesired behaviour with getting JS event listeners to work with a Bootstrap checkbox button. He traces the problem to a code bug that calls event.preventDefault(), which prevents the event listeners from being triggered for clicks on this Bootstrap element. I couldn't really add anything to the discussion, but I noticed that the problem had little discussion since Jan 6 and remained open, so I gave the issue a thumbs up, in the hope that it attracts some attention to the issue.


#### Semantaic-UI issue: <https://github.com/Semantic-Org/Semantic-UI/issues/5612>
This issue is not really a bug, but it explains that due to choosing to use display: inline-block for a breadcrumb element instead of display: inline-flex, it requires the programmer to removed all whitespace in between tags in order to display, which may confuse some people as it isn't clear that this is necessary. I think it's a valid concern, but it's not very important and has gotten no attention since it was posted in July 2017. I decided to leave a question asking if the issue owner could update on how his solution worked for him, and if the issue was still a problem for him, so that the solution may be closed sooner.

