---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---


### Two software development models: the catherdral vs the bazaar
In his essay, <em>The Cathedral and the Bazaar</em>, Eric Raymond describes two different models of software develpoment which he calls the cathedral and the bazaar. 
### The cathedral
In the cathedral model, the software is produced by professionals, who have been hired by some entity with capital to produce software. The professionals tend to be specialists hired to fulfil a certain task, so it is the responsibility of management to plan the entire development, hire workers, and allocate resources. There is a hierarchy, in which the ultimate goals for the software are set by the few with the most command and most of the work is delegated so that the majority of work is done by employees, who only obey the orders of their employers. The user of the software, which the cathedral model produces, only sees the software after it has has gone through private testing and is polished. Additionally, the produced software and all intellectual property involved in its production are strictly the property of those who invested the capital for the production. Thus the user may be allowed access to the "cathedral" for free, but their access is quite limited and they can only use the cathedral in the which its owners allow.
### The bazaar
In the bazaar model, which is analagous to an open-source model of development, the software is produced by volunteers perhaps with assistance from professionals. Financing is not necessary in this model, because development can be done primarily by volunteers. Because contributions are accepted by anyone who can and will, then the pool of potential volunteer developers is potentially larger than in the cathedral model. Instead of a hierachy whose leaders set goals, plan, and allocate resources, there are collaborating volunteers who handle all this. The majority of work development done in the bazaar model is done by volunteers in a parallel manner. The development is "parallalized" because many features can be developed fairly independently from one another, so collaborators only focus on the aspects of development, which they are interested in participating in. In contrast to the catherdral model, intellectual property rights to the software that would prevent anyone from modifiying, using, or redistributing the software are abandoned by a license. Anyone can access the software's source code and this is strongly encouraged because it is benefical in the bazaar model for the users to assist with development.
### My Thoughts 
Personally, I am more interested in participating in the cathedral method because of the financial compensation it offers. However, I don't think that one method is superior; I think each method fulfils a different purposes with different value propositions to different people who might require software. If you want to pray to god with your family, you don't want to do that in a bazaar where there is no unity and anyone can do as he pleases. But likewise if you want to buy tools to fix your house, you need the bazaar instead of the cathedral with its very specialized utility.

### Two lessons from The Cathedral and the Bazaar:
