---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

# Open Source
#### What do I think about when I hear open source?
I think open source describes a type of project. It implies that for the project there are limited restrictions on who may contribute to the project and in what manner they do so. It also implies that the project remains transparent to the public so that anyone can use any part of the project for their own use with limited restrictions. This enables a community to form from people who primarily want to collaborate and contribute to the project. 

#### Advantages of open source vs closed source
The main advantages of open sourcing projects are that it enables a lot of people to collaborate on the same project and allows for free (as in freedom, not free hot dogs) use of project code or product. Collaboration brings more manpower and can produce a high quality product. Free use of the product enables people who would otherwise be unable to afford the proprietary-source equivalent to benefit greatly.

#### Potential problems in Open Source projects
Project organization is potentially more complex and requires a certain amount of manpower to handle the organization. Also, it is possible for major disagreements to occur between contributors or groups of contributors that can not easily be resolved without a fork. Forks potentially devalue the product and harm the userbase of the open source product.

# Projects
#### Four open source projects I regularly use
1. Bootstrap is a framework for making website with HTML, CSS, and javascript and its source code is in SASS, a CSS pre-processor. The documentation for this framework is amazing. When I was in high school I first learnt to make websites using Bootstrap. The documentation for bootstrap was easier for me to understand than the standard documentation for html/css/js, and it allowed me to immediately start making websites. Last summer whilst working, I developed the pre-launch website for the HAZZA ICO using primarily bootstrap. I've benefited economically as well as intellectually from this open source project. Instead of using Bootstrap, one could use an open source CMS like Wordpress (don't though) or Drupal, or just create a custom framework. However the CMSs are more complex, slower, and take up more memory, so they are really only good if you want to make a certain type of website, and making a custom framework takes a lot of time and is essentially reinventing the wheel.

2. Ethereum is a crypto currency with a virtual machine that can execute code for a fee. I have purchased the Ethereum crypto currency and also other crypto currencies that use the Ethereum blockchain to record transactions. Bitcoin is the main alternative for writing code (smart contracts) to run on a crypto currency VM.

3. Eclipse provides IDEs for popular languages like C, C++, Java, JavaScript and PHP. I use the Eclipse IDE for Java and it is very helpful because of all the features it has such as providing suggestions for automatic corrections for errors. There are too many alternative IDEs to list. Some recently popular IDEs are Atom and Sublime.

4. GCC is a compiler for C code. I use it to compile simple C code in Linux and MacOS and it compiles quickly. It suits my purposes but for more complex or larger projects it may not have all the features that one would want. A possible alternative is Clang.

# Questions for Tom
1. How does experience with open source software make you a better technical or non-technical hire for a company?

2. What business potential is there to open sourcing a business's existing technology?
