---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

### Our group's (Phaser) strengths and weaknesses

#### Me:

Strengths: I like writing so I can communicate technical things well if I'm explaining code I've written or writing examples/tutorials for beginners.

#### Marcus:

Strengths: Proficient in web development and in design thinking while assessing existing features and creating new features. Also has a background in game design, which is very relevant to the project, which is a game engine.

#### Melissa:

Stengths: Proficient with Git and reading through documentation and code base, in order to good understanding of the project, which aids in contributing.

#### Gabe:

Strengths: Good at fixing bugs and has a good working knowledge of JavaScript.

#### Daisy:

Stengths: Good knowledge of JavaScript and determined to work on challenging problems.

#### Group weaknesses

We all wrote that we were worried about the code base being too complicated or large to understand, so that we would have difficulty making meaningful contributions. This is probably because of our collective lack of experience in contributing to open source software. 

However, I think this won't be a big issue if we work together well. I also think we can make meaningful contributions without having to do difficult things, for example by making good examples/tutorials for develoeprs or users that explain how to use Phaser.

### Our meeting times

We decided to meet on Sunday 2pm at our class building. Our alternate meeting time is Wednesday 6pm with a flexible location. 

### Milestones for succesfully contributing

My personal milestones are as follows:

1. Get familiar with using Phaser as a production tool, and get familiar with the community and what kinds of resources are already available.

2. Find a few different kinds of contributions that are feasible for me or the group to do in the next few weeks, eg. creating examples/tutorials, improving documentation, or thinking of a new feature/plugin to create.

3. Make a group plan that states what contributions we will work on and by when we should submit them.

4. From the plan, divide up the work necessary to make the contributions according to our individual strengths.

### Contributions for this week

None


