---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

### Things I look for in selecting good open source projects that I can contribute to
I like open source projects that are well known and have a large community of users, because there being many users means your contributions actually benefit others, and the users help in submitting issues and suggestions, which makes it easier to contribute to the project. I also look for a significant effort in making the project easy to use for users and easy to work on for developers. This usually means there is really good documentation for users and developers, there is good organization of the code structure, and the testing  and contribution process is simple and well documented.

### What I can offer to the project
My greatest strength that I can easily apply to a project is my ability in technical writing and communication. I am good at getting the gist of how a program works at a high level, so that I can create high quality documentation for users that helps them learn how to use the open source software to meet their specific goals. I would like to work on creating very well documented examples and tutorials of how to use open source software such as p5.js (a port of processing to javascript), Bootstrap, or other frameworks that help create good looking web content. 

Honestly, I don't enjoy reading through code to understand how implementations of features of an open source project work on a low level. However I am very motivated to learn how to use open source software to create high quality products, and I am also very motivated to teach others how to use open source software. 

### What I want to learn from working on open source projects
From working on an open source project, I would like to learn how to take advantage of open source development to get valuable feedback from other contributors and how to directly collaborate with other volunteers on an open source project. I also want to see if my skill sets are useful in an open source context.

### What worries me about contributing to open source projects
I am concerned that it will be difficult to collaborate and communicate efficiently with other volunteers in working on an open source project because there could be few people who are interested or who are willing to dedicate the time to collaborate with me. Additionally, I am concerned that my contributions to documentation or tutorials would not be considered a priority and I wouldn't be able to participate in the project in a lively way, because I wouldn't get much attention.

### Question for Aurelia
1. Do you think the mass adoption of closed source software on the internet influences the development of open source software for the web? And why or why not?

2. Considering the massive success of GitHub, and its ability to create a web app that is based on open source software and get mass adoption for it, why don't we see the same kind of mass adpotion for much other open source software?

### My Contributions This Week
Link to contribution: <https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/pull/86>

I made a substantial comment on a pull request to update the instructions to build and test the local site. I tested the proposed new build instructions, and one of the methods of using a command "jekyll serve", did not work, while using another method with the command "jekyll build" did work. So I reported this undesired behaviour, and I also suggested that detailed isntructions for using jekyll build be created.
