---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

### Humanitarian open source software projects

The OSS projects I am familar with are Phaser, p5.js, and Bootstrap. I don't think any of these can be classifed as humanitarian because none of them directly effect the living conditions or lives of other people. They are instead only tools that people can use to develop a program. 

Phaser and p5.js are really just javaScript libraries and Bootstrap is just a html/css/javaScript framework. These projects couldn't help help someone like OpenMRS could.

### Phaser group progress

As a group we have looked through the open issues in the Phaser repositories and confirmed some of the bugs that were reported in them. We also all set up the development environment and installed the examples and documentation repositories. Doing this gave us all a better understanding of the current state of the project and revealed a lot of opportunities for us to contribute. The largest opportunities are that there are many examples online that have been broken by recent changes in the API, and the documentation is very sparse with most methods and instance variables not having any description of what it is they actually do. Additionally, the examples that exist are pretty basic and there are many simple things for which we could create examples, such as making a sprite rotate to face the cursor. 

The next thing I am going to do is to continue working on issue 22 and try to solve the bug in the example. It's quite a tricky a bug and requires reading through the source code of the Tween manager, so I need to document what's wrong with the API method. After that I'd like to work on making a couple of original examples for Phaser 3. Particularly implenting a few features for a top-down shooter game, which are making a sprite rotate to face the cursor and a good movement system via keyboard with collision with walls.

### My Contributions This Week

Link to contribution 1: <https://github.com/photonstorm/phaser3-examples/issues/67>

I noticed that a duplicate issue was created for a bug I was working on in Phaser3, so I commented about it and the author closed the duplicate issue.

Link to contribution 2: <https://github.com/photonstorm/phaser3-examples/issues/22>

I have been working to solve this issue and have narrowed it down to a function that stops a tweens (an object that automatically moves a sprite/image in a predetermined way during the game loop). The function that stops the tween sometimes results in setting the y variable of the sprite/image to 0, instead of setting it to its original position. 


