---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

### Talk Data to Me OpenNYC event
In the talk data to me event there were three speakers, each of which spoke about why data was valuable to them, not necessarily with a focus on the openness of data specifically. The first speaker talked about why data was valuable from a marketing perspective and using it to guide marketing campaigns. The second speaker talked about why data was valuable from an AI perspective and how data could be used to shape user experience with software. The third speaker talked about interesting insights from their companies personal data and how that could potentially shape business strategy.

I found the talk interesting although I was surprised that there was no discussion on open data but rather data in general. I found it interesting to gain an understanding of how data can be used in a business setting and why it is a valuable asset for businesses. However, I also found a lot of the value placed on data to be speculative, since everyone seemed to be saying that the data would be valuable if it could be used in specific ways, yet actual applications of what they were proposing didn't exist and may not be feasible or valuable in reality.

### Reflection on Dana's talk in class


### Team progress


### Code of conduct document



### My Contributions This Week

Link to contribution 1: <https://github.com/photonstorm/phaser/issues/3477>

I noticed that the documentation for a method that enables keyboard input, would always result in an error. I checked other examples that used the method properly and it seems the example was passing an argument that was from an out of date API. I reported the issue and created a codepen that demonstrates the erroneous and proper arguments to pass to the method.
