---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

### Three questions for Danna

1. Is making the source code for a project freely available sufficient to call a project open source?
2. What are google's reasons for making some projects like chromium open source, while keeping others like Google maps completely closed source?
3. In the work culture of google, how do people feel about open source vs closed source and do these feeling ever conflict with google's businesses goals?

### Phaser progress

This week I personally created an example for Phaser 3, which shows how to implement basic top-down shooter mechanics using Phaser. As a simple example I think it's finished and I will discuss with the team if anyone wants to change it before I make a pull request to add it. 

Going forward I plan to continue working on generating new examples, and I would like to work with Marcus to create a more fleshed out game example that uses top-down shooter mechanics. A lot of my time so far has been spent reading the documentation (which is really just the source code) and asking things of the Phaser slack channel, which is pretty active. So far our group has split work between people who want to work on making new examples and people who want to fix examples/documentation. I am focusing on the former.


### My Contributions This Week

Link to contribution 1: <https://github.com/photonstorm/phaser/issues/3477>

I noticed that the documentation for a method that enables keyboard input, would always result in an error. I checked other examples that used the method properly and it seems the example was passing an argument that was from an out of date API. I reported the issue and created a codepen that demonstrates the erroneous and proper arguments to pass to the method.
